# cmsc311-final-project-GameOn-

# GameOn - CMSC 311 Final Project

## Project Description
**GameOn** is an enhanced mobile application developed as part of our CMSC 311 – Software Engineering 2 final project. It integrates advanced features and optimized code practices to improve performance, functionality, and user experience.

## 🚀 Features Added / Enhanced
- Redesigned user interface for better usability
- Integrated Firebase for real-time data handling
- Added prediction system using TensorFlow.js
- Performance optimization and code refactoring
- Security improvements using authentication

## Technologies Used
- React Native
- Firebase
- JavaScript / TypeScript
- Node.js
- TensorFlow.js

## Installation Instructions
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sitol2/cmsc311-final-project-GameOn-.git

## How to Use/ Run the Project
1. Install Expo Go (SDK 49 only) in mobile phone.
2. Log in the account in the Expo Go App
   username: iamtol20
   password: kenken123
3. Open VS Code and change directory to the GameOn project
4. Open terminal and type these commands in order
   a) npm install
   b) npx expo start
5. After the QR code generates, use the Expo Go app to scan the generated code in the VS Code.
*after scanning wait for 1-2 minutes for it to load.

## Demo Video Link
   https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-t16HRc40HOXSpZbP7uyyANRwYcAFN46/view?usp=sharing

##  Folder Structure Description
- `/app` – Contains the main application code, including screens, components, and logic.
- `/assets` – Static files such as images, icons, and audio used in the app.
- `/config` – Configuration settings, such as Firebase or environment files.
- `/android` – Android-specific project files generated by React Native (used for building the APK).
- `/docs` – Contains project documentation like the Software Requirements Specification and Technical Documentation (PDFs).
- `presentation.pdf` – Final presentation file for summarizing project scope and features.
- `README.md` – This file; provides an overview, instructions, and links related to the project.

## Contributors
- **Keinji Velina** - Lead Developer
- **Mark Cristhian Paniergo** - Team Leader, UI/UX Designer
- **Jasper Mangulabnan** - Backend Developer, UI/UI Desgner
- **Markniel Ambrocio** - Documentation & Testing
- **Randy Mojer** - Documentation and Testing
